In the previous module, I showed you how you can build a real application using a mongodb driver and
therefore interacting with your mongodb database. In this module, I'll show you a totally
new set of features
the mongodb company also provides, these features are loosely also related to their database solution,
so to mongodb but they basically enter a new realm,
so these features are not directly connected to the database at least, these are brand new features as
you will learn. And therefore everything you learned thus far about the database is not really touched
by this
but the things you learn in this module can help you with building modern web or mobile applications
in general.
So what's inside this module?
I will explain what stitch is,
mongodb stitch is the name of that service offering
and I will explain what's behind that,
which services can be found in the stitch environment and what these services do for you.
And after understanding what stitch is, we will also use stitch,
so we'll basically take the application from the last module and we'll use stitch to transform it a
little bit and
as you will see, we'll be able to get rid of our own node restful API which is a big deal because it
allows us to basically focus entirely on our user interface and our core business logic
and we don't have to write the boilerplate code of setting up a rest API, of doing authentication on
our own and so on.
So that is pretty exciting,
let's dive in.